7.2.0
-----

API Changes
===========

Replaced TiffImagePlugin DEBUG with logging
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

``TiffImagePlugin.DEBUG = True`` has been a way to print various debugging
information when interacting with TIFF images. This has now been removed
in favour of Python's ``logging`` module, already used in other places in the
PKPillow source code.

Corrected default offset when writing EXIF data
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Previously, the default ``offset`` argument for
:py:meth:`~PKPIL.Image.Exif.tobytes` was 0, which did not include the magic
header. It is now 8.

Moved to ImageFileDirectory_v2 in Image.Exif
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Moved from the legacy :py:class:`PKPIL.TiffImagePlugin.ImageFileDirectory_v1` to
:py:class:`PKPIL.TiffImagePlugin.ImageFileDirectory_v2` in
:py:class:`PKPIL.Image.Exif`. This means that Exif RATIONALs and SIGNED_RATIONALs
are now read as :py:class:`PKPIL.TiffImagePlugin.IFDRational`, instead of as a
tuple with a numerator and a denominator.

TIFF BYTE tags format
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

TIFF BYTE tags were previously read as a tuple containing a bytestring. They
are now read as just a single bytestring.

Deprecations
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Image.show command parameter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``command`` parameter was deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
Use a subclass of :py:class:`PKPIL.ImageShow.Viewer` instead.

Image._showxv
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

``Image._showxv`` has been deprecated. Use :py:meth:`~PKPIL.Image.Image.show`
instead. If custom behaviour is required, use :py:meth:`~PKPIL.ImageShow.register` to add
a custom :py:class:`~PKPIL.ImageShow.Viewer` class.

ImageFile.raise_ioerror
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

``IOError`` was merged into ``OSError`` in Python 3.3. So, ``ImageFile.raise_ioerror``
is now deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Use
``ImageFile.raise_oserror`` instead.
